---
title: Starting a new fuze project
layout: post
author: felix.cronly
permalink: /starting-a-new-fuze-project,-10/12/18/
source-id: 1GhR-VozAumOFnGh4xnw5O4rrxbvCsDI3kNlVRWl3E4Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze boxes, carrying on from snake, but it didn't work</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10/12/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We were carrying on with snake, but it wasn't working</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get back on track, and carry on being productive with our work, instead of stopping.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Kind of</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>We kept on trying to find out other things that might be mistakes, or might be incorrect</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>We asked, what could be the problem, what could we do instead</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>When mr. Keen declared he couldn't fix it because it would take too long we decided what to do partially by ourselves.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>When writing this blog, I realised I could have spent less time trying to find one thing, when we could have been doing more work in that time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>We, after deciding what to do, worked really hard on it, and made some good progress</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When Mr. Keen said it didn’t work he said we should do one of the Minecraft lessons, but it wasn't on that specific fuze box. We then spent quite a bit of time recycling through the different fuze boxes to find if any of them had it on, and probably spent a bit more time then needed on it.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We should, next week, try to stay on task, and do the task, instead of getting distracted by other things. Instead of spending ages on those things, find an alternative, and do that.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


